I have rewritten the demo application with a React
front end and a Spring back end.
We will use Spring Security to secure the back end.
The main difference from our previous Spring MVC application
is that we are now using REST controllers,
as the React application will be rendered client‑side in the browser.
But it will make AJAX calls to the REST controllers to retrieve data in
JSON format that it might need to render the page,
like the portfolio positions or transactions,
which are stored in a database.
Now to initially load the React application in the user's browser,
you can create an index.html page under the static
folder and add the links to this page.
Now these are located in the js folder under static.
This works well.
As my default, Spring will look out for this page and use it as a welcome page.
So, when Victoria accesses the application URL with that e path,
Spring, by default, will return the index.html page. However,
because we have enabled Spring Security,
that initial request will first be intercepted by the Spring Security filters.
And because our security configuration requires an
authenticated principal to access any resource,
and we have formLogin configured,
the user will first be redirected to the Spring Security default login page.
Once they authenticate, then the index.html page will be sent to their browser,
which then loads the React application.
As you can see, behind the scenes,
the React application is making AJAX calls to the portfolio REST
controller to retrieve the user's position.
For these requests, the browser will include the cookie,
just like in the MVC web application.
The server is maintaining a session for the principal,
and hence these requests will be automatically authenticated, and the
user doesn't have to re‑enter their credentials.
This is a good start, but there's still more we need to configure. Next, let's look at how we can configure cross‑site request forgery protection.